# EFG-2-ESG

Is the tool to convert EFGs (Event Flow Graphs) to ESGs (Event Sequence Graphs), which EFGs are generated by [DroidBot](https://github.com/honeynet/droidbot).  

# Dataset

There are 20 samples in the dataset, while 10 of them are synthetically generated. 
The rest of the dataset are generated through real Android APKs, statecharts, and previous studies
Below the synthetic data are labelled as (S). The dataset is listed below:

- Smart Home
- Bank Account
- Elevator
- Email
- Soda Vending Machine 
- Online Shopping 
- Government Jobs 
- Spanish Recipes
- Daily Beacon 
- Painting Software 
- (S) Autonomous Drone Delivery System
- (S) Online Music Streaming Platform
- (S) Hospital Patient Monitoring System
- (S) Airport Baggage Handling System
- (S) Smart Farming Management System
- (S) Virtual Museum Tour Platform
- (S) Self Driving Car 
- (S) University Course Registration System
- (S) Wildlife Tracking & Conservation Platform
- (S) Interactive Fitness Game

## Feature Model

Feature models requires to be created with an Eclipse Plugin called FeatureIDE, and must be created as a FeatureIDE project. For convenience we only shared the `.xml` files of the feature models. 

## Behavioral Model (ESG)

For behavioral models, we use ESGs (Event Sequence Graphs). We use an external tool [esg-engine](https://github.com/esg4aspl/esg-engine) to generate test cases, which works with both `.mxe` and `.dot` files.
The data for ESGs are available for both `.mxe` and `.dot`.

## Feature Model and ESG Mappings

The mappings between feature models and ESGs are in `.json` format. In the mapping `.json` files, under each feature, there are event-pairs and events that they are mapped to.
Currently, the mappings have event-pairs and no events, since it also covers events as well. 
